# Problem Set 4

**This problem set is due Wednesday, March 18th, at 11:59 p.m. Please submit your write-up or Colab notebook in PDF format to Gradescope. If you are submitting a separate write-up, please make sure you include coding tasks in your write-up. Your submission should be name as ${mit_email_username}.pdf (e.g. wboag.pdf). You must write up your problem sets individually. You should not share your code or solutions (i.e., the write-up) with anyone inside or outside of the class, nor should it be posted publicly to GitHub or any other website. You are asked on problem sets to identify your collaborators. If you did not discuss the problem set with anyone, you should write "Collaborators: none." If in writing up your solution you make use of any external reference (e.g. a paper, Wikipedia, a website), both acknowledge your source and write up the solution in your own words. It is a violation of this policy to submit a problem solution that you cannot orally explain to a member of the course staff. Plagiarism and other dishonest behavior cannot be tolerated in any academic environment that prides itself on individual accomplishment. If you have any questions about the collaboration policy, or if you feel that you may have violated the policy, please talk to one of the course staff.**

(IMPORTANT) If you are submitting a pdf version of your notebook, please **remove cells and outputs (e.g. boilerplate/provided codes, instructions, model training logs, and etc.) that are not directly relevant to the write-up questions.**
